[Doc] Fix a few issues in the wholegraph tutorial (#652)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/scale/distributed.rst

The first section of this tutorial uses the `OGB-MAG <https://ogb.stanford.edu/docs/nodeprop/#ogbn-mag>`_ as an example data to demonstrate how to use GraphStorm to train an RGCN model (a built-in model) in a cluster with three EC2 instances. The OGB-MAG data is large enough to demonstrate the scalability of GraphStorm, and also small enough to complete training in short time.

.. _create_cluster:

Create a GraphStorm Cluster
----------------------------

Setup the instance of a cluster
.......................................
A cluster contains several instances each of which can run GraphStorm Docker container.

To create such a cluster, in one instance, please follow the :ref:`Environment Setup <setup_docker>` description to setup GraphStorm Docker container environment, and use a Docker management system, e.g., AWS ECR, to upload the Docker image built in the instance to a Docker repository and pull it to the rest of the instances in the cluster. 

> If there is no such Docker manangement system available in your environment, in **each** instance of the cluster, follow the :ref:`Environment Setup <setup_docker>` description to build a GraphStorm Docker image, and start the image as a container. Then exchange one key from inside of one GraphStorm Docker containers to the rest containers in the cluster, i.e., copy the keys from the ``/root/.ssh/id_rsa.pub`` from one container to ``/root/.ssh/authorized_keys`` in containers on all other containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no such Docker manangement system available in your environment, in **each** instance of the cluster, follow the :ref:`Environment Setup <setup_docker>` description to build a GraphStorm Docker image, and start the image as a container. Then exchange the ssh key from inside of one GraphStorm Docker containers to the rest containers in the cluster, i.e., copy the keys from the ``/root/.ssh/id_rsa.pub`` from one container to ``/root/.ssh/authorized_keys`` in containers on all other containers.
```

If succeeds, you should login to the container in the ``<ip-in-the-cluster>`` instance. 

> If not, please make sure there is no limitation of port 2222. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not, please make sure there is no restriction of exposing port 2222. 
```
